We'll take a quick break from learning new properties and methods just to talk about how we can use
what we've already learned on multiple elements.
Everything we've been doing so far is one thing at a time.
We've been changing the Inner Temple or the value of one input or one dev or whatever it is at a time
but often we want to effect changes in multiple elements.
And we know how to select multiple elements.
We use query selector all get elements by class name get elements by tag name.
That gives us an array like object.
So all we need to do is iterate over that object and then call whatever method or change whatever property
we want.
So why don't we start by changing the inner text of all allies on the page.
So we need to select all the allies.
And I'm going to do this in a separate file because it takes a couple of lines.
So I have a script arpeggios.
I've included it at the bottom of my HDMI file and I'm going to select all the allies.
So I need my document that query selector.
All I want allies so I'll pass in the string ally and then I'll save that to a variable.
But to go with const all allies all these.
OK now we want to iterate over all allies.
So for we could do a regular for loop for let I equals zero I less than all allies doubt length I plus
plus.
And then we can access all allies of 0 and we could start by just constant logging all allies of zero
dot let's do inner text okay.
Let's see what we get when I run this.
So I'll refresh the page.
Mm hmm.
No idea why I did zero.
It's supposed to be all allies of I whatever that loop iteration is we'll access that one and get the
inner text.
And if we run it We go first thing second thing third thing.
Carrots peas broccoli.
So if I want to change them all I can just set there in text all allies of eye dots in our text equals.
And then this is our hardest part always.
How about we are the champions.
I don't know why but we'll just do it.
Okay.
What happens when I refresh the page every single ally now has been updated.
So this is the common pattern we select a group of things and we iterate over that array like object
using a for loop or we could easily do a for of loop which I prefer for let ally of all allies we will.
What should we do.
How about Ally Dot's inner team this time and let's pass in a string and we'll say we are.
And then a bold tag the champions okay.
So now we're setting inter HCM HMO which means that this will be treated as H.
It will be passed and turned into an actual bold element on the page.
Let's see if it works.
There we go.
We are the champions on every single ally.
So we're overwriting the changes we did here.
But this also worked.
It's just annoying to have to deal with I.
So why not use a for loop so we can do things like this.
Obviously we can change styles once we see how to change styles which we will see very shortly we can
access attributes.
We can set attributes.
We could do all sorts of things but the pattern is the same.
You select and then loop and then do something versus what we've seen so far where we select one thing
and manipulate it directly without having to loop if you have multiple you have to loop.
There's no easy shortcut to just impact all of them at once.
All right.
So that's it for this video.
Next we'll move on to some other properties and methods.